hello everyone welcome to Bush his
kitchen today I will show you
chicken kasha actually it is a kind of
chicken curry but in my golly it is
known as chicken kasha let's have a look
to the ingredients 1 kilogram chicken it
is marinated with 2 tbsp vinegar 1 TSP
turmeric powder 1 TSP salt 1 tbsp sugar
1 TSP red chilli powder 1 large onion
paste 1 tbsp red chilli paste 1 large
onions clove 1 tbsp garlic paste 1 tbsp
ginger paste
no tablespoon current master royal
adverted let's start cooking and mustard
oil 1 2 3 4 5 5 tbsp I will mix all the
ingredients onion paste so red chilli
powder turmeric powder garlic paste get
your paste red chilli is now makes this
well
now I deceit it I let onion and try it
for women now add the mixed ingredients
add the chicken
listen
and already we defeat for company
no soil is coming out one cup of water
for boiling and cover Rizzoli egging it
will cook for 10 minutes now the chicken
kasha is ready and I will serve it it
looks very delicious you can have it
with fried rice or hot rice if you liked
this recipe click the like button and
subscribe to my channel you can also
visit push kiss kitchen dot blog
spot.com for more recipes thank you for
watching